---
title: "Ch 4: Human Blood"
---
This was a relatively large bedroom, and one can see that it is beautifully decorated.

【Mattress】

【TV】

【Chandelier】

【……】

【Lots of blood stains】

The dark room was full of dead aura.

Large swaths of dark red dried blood was all over the room.

On the sheets, on the fallen and broken TV screen, on the torn wallpaper, on the broken flower pot...

It was like a bunch of gorgeous and dazzling flowers, withering in every corner of the room.

The most conspicuous thing was the big pool of blood on the ground in the middle of the room.

"If a normal person shed so much blood, they will definitely not be able to survive."

There was no need to analyze using the system, Lu Wen can draw conclusions based on his common sense.

He was standing at the door, and the scene of the whole room shocked him.

"There was obviously a violent fight in this room, as there are scattered footprints in the blood on the ground, all human footprints."

"Li Yu killed her twin sisters?"

"Or someone else?"

"Who lives on the third floor?"

"What happened to her parents?"

Lu Wen was just a programmer in his last life.

This chaotic and broken scene in front of him, forced him change his occupation to a detective temporarily.

But he felt that his brain wass a little messy.

"Has the first floor been cleaned?"

Suddenly Li Yu's voice came from behind him without him noticing that someone was standing.

Lu Wen was startled.

A chill spread from the spine to the whole body at that instant.

If the bionic man possess body hair, the hair on his body would have stood up.

This girl is like a ghost, silent in the dim and empty villa.

"When did she come down from the third floor?"

Lu Wen clearly remembered that when Li Yu went upstairs, every step made a dull noise, but now there was no noice when she came back.

Calm down!

Stay steady, don’t panic!

Lu Wen turned around slowly, without any expression on his face.

"The first floor has been cleaned, and it is detected that this room is the most difficult to clean. It may take a lot of time."

"It's okay, blood stains are really difficult to deal with. Be careful not to leave any traces."

Li Yu smiled, two big beautiful eyes bent into crescents, beautiful and beautiful.

Blood?

Lu Wen was stupified.

She directly said the word blood, do you trust the Android device so much?

He was about to say "OK" blankly, but the original functional chip suddenly issued an instruction.

【Ask the employer】

【Is this human blood or animal blood】

Analysis system is this compulsory?

If you ask a normal person, maybe you will get the sentence "You know too much" in the next second, and then you will receive your lunch!

No, I am not a human being!

Lu Wen felt as if he had overlooked something during this period.

"Turing Test!"

According to the data of his original functional chip, the first generation of bionics had passed the Turing test eighty years ago.

Nowadays, bionics are becoming more and more human.

And he has been cold, like a robot of the last century.

"Am I too deliberate?"

Lu Wen glanced at Li Yu's smiling face, didn't know why, but he always felt that smile was a little scary.

"Is this human blood or animal blood?"

He took a gamble and asked!

Lu Wen chooses to believe the system.

Be decisive, decisiveness may not be in vain!

Li Yu smiled, drew a few strands of bangs on his forehead to the side, and looked up at Lu Wen's eyes.

A few seconds later, she responded with a smile, this time her smile seemed more real.

"Of course it is human blood, are you afraid of it?"

"My emotion chip integrates countless ways of expressing fear. If you want to see it, I can show them one by one."

Lu Wen mobilized a smiling program, looking very sunny and warm.

He did not directly answer whether he was afraid or not.

Li Yu seemed very happy that Lu Wen could give such an answer.

She smiled, showing two cute little tiger teeth.

"That's right, this is just like a more than one million dollar worth E10 custom-made bionic person. I previously suspected whether it was a fake." She suddenly closed her smile and looked at Lu Wen's eyes, "Or, you are an awakening Bionic person?"

"If I were, could you keep it secret for me."

"Of course, you are mine!"

Li Yu stood on tiptoe and reached out to touch Lu Wen's hair, this action seemed very intimate.

"Remember, don't be expressionless in the future, otherwise I will think you are broken and send you back to the factory to restart."

"Ok."

Lu Wen smiled and asked the second question according to the instructions of the analysis system.

"Miss Li, are you injured?"

【The first principle of bionics: Unless it violates high-level principles, bionics shall not harm individual humans, or cause harm to human individuals due to inaction. 】

Li Yu is Lu Wen’s employer.

In principle.

Li Yu’s orders are higher than those of other humans, and Li Yu’s life safety is of higher priroity than that of other humans.

"Of course not, none of the blood in it is mine!"

Li Yu responded happily, raising his little head proudly.

She opened her mouth, as if she wanted to say something, the phone in her pocket suddenly began to vibrate.

【Impatient expression】

Lu Wen read this expression from her face.

"I'll answer the phone, you keep cleaning, don't be lazy."

"Ok."

Lu Wen nodded.

Li Yu took out her mobile phone and pressed the answer button.

While answering the phone, she walked towards the first floor.

Lu Wen noticed that Li Yu had changed the pair of shoes, no wonder there was no sound when she came downstairs just now.

There were a few drops of bright red liquid on the corners of her clothes.

The distance was far, and all the sensors have failed in detecting if it was blood or ketchup.

"You can't stay in this place, you have to go!"

Lu Wen made the decision in an instant.

It's hard to be born again, and he is so handsome that he can't sit and wait for death.

"There must be something in my body that is responsible for positioning. If I escape now, I will end up being caught and returned to the factory after a few steps."

"For the current plan, first obtain Li Yu's trust. Although she seems to believe me very much, I can't take it lightly."

【Cleaning】

【Dig hole】

These two instructions in the memory chip were still active.

In addition to these two things, Lu Wen needs to do one more thing.

Understand the world!

"What does the so-called awakening of the bionic man mean?"

"If you are not controlled by the fuse measures, does it mean that after successfully awakening, the bionic person will no longer have the threat of crashing and restarting. As long as the electronic bracelet is removed, it can  mix into a normal society?"

While thinking, Lu Wen heard the voice of Li Yu from downstairs.

Fortunately, the whole room was very empty, even if the voice was far away, Lu Wen could hear it clearly.

"I am in poor health these days, I want to take half a month's leave..."

"...Forget, my mind is a little confused, I can't remember... let my deputy take over? Can I... which deputy? Do I have several deputy..It's me, don't worry, I just have a fever, maybe Burning out..."

Li Yu's voice was a bit vague, as if to cover up something.

Lu Wen was startled suddenly.

He thought of the two almost identical girls in the photo.

After they grow up, are they still so similar in appearance?