---
title: "Chapter 2: Rotting mouse"
---

Lu Wen believes in science and does not believe in ghosts and gods.

He was more inclined to, Dollar may be smelling a certain kind of breath.

After he disposed of the koi, he returned to the dim villa.

He closed the door and looked at Li Yu who was eating potato chips on the sofa, Lu Wen was inexplicably panicked.

"I'm just a bionic person."

"A walking Android machine."

Lu Wen analyzed his situation.

He also liked to read novels in his previous life, knowing that every reborn senior had an unfriendly start.

He thought he could avoid this vicious circle, but now it seems…

"I am facing two situations now."

"One: I think too much, everything is normal."

"Two: She needs to accomplish something abnormal. She can't do it alone. She needs the help of another person. She doesn't trust others, so she customized me, a bionic person."

Calm.

No matter what the situation is, I am still very useful now. She won’t do anything to me.

Continue to dispose of garbage!

While he was cleaning, he was also thinking about what's the use of digging that pit.

【Kitchen waste is prone to odors】

In the analysis of the original functional chip, the cleaning order of kitchen hygiene was second only to the fish.

Lu Wen came to the door of the kitchen and looked inside.

It is still chaotic!

The dim kitchen.

There was a pile of unwashed tableware in the sink, and a pile of rotten vegetables in the corner of the kitchen, and some more stuff lying here and there.All in all, this kitchen was no more usable.

A few flies were buzzing as he scanned the entire kitchen again.

【Fourteen unwashed dishes】

【Nineteen unwashed bowls】

【Eight Rotten Tomatoes】

【Four Rotting Eggplants】

【A rotting Chinese cabbage】

【Sticky mouse board】

【A rat that is rotten so much that its bones are exposed】

【……】

Why are there so many vegetables?

A person rarely buys so many vegetables at once.

Lu Wen’s original function chip integrates many functions.

He has a special analysis system to help him analyze the human character, so as to better integrate into the life of the employer's family.

【Employer may live with companions】

【The employer may be someone who can’t live a life】

The system has reached these two conclusions.

But Lu Wen shook when he read both the conclusions..

Who lives with dead mice in the house and can’t clean it up?!

No matter how lazy, she is a girl who seems to love cleanliness!

"The housekeeping bionic has no sense of smell."

"But this girl is a normal person anyway, how can she endure the smell of rotting mouse corpses?"

Lu Wen was puzzled for a while.

Maybe it's really just that he thinks too much. This girl is too lazy to be hopeless, so she asked Bilan to order him.

His true mission from rebirth is to do housework.

"Deal with dead mice first!"

After an hour of busy work, Lu Wen cleaned up the kitchen.

Bionic people don’t feel tired, which is pretty good.

【Slippery surface】

【The employer has a 23% chance of slipping in the kitchen】

After the analysis of the original functional chip, this conclusion was reached.

This feeling is very strange.

These chips can all run autonomously, and Lu Wen is like a superfluous soul.

Of course, he can also control the functions of these chips.

This is equivalent to two sets of control systems working at once, one is a program and the other is a person.

"There should be a mop in the bathroom."

In Lu Wen’s impression, the washroom should be a small area beside the sink in the corridor.

But this villa has a separate bathroom.

"It's nice to have money."

Lu Wen sighed again.

He  stood at the door of the bathroom.

All data appeared at a glance.

【Two toothbrushes】

【Two mouthwash cups】

【Two sticks of toothpaste】

【Two face towels】

【A mirror】

【……】

"Why are things here  in duplicate?"

Lu Wen found that both toothpastes were not used up. One used about half of the toothpaste, while the other seemed to be unsealed. It was useless.

He took a look and found that the two toothpastes are not separate for day and night use. They are two separate toothpastes with different brands.

【Employer may have companions】

The system once again gave this conclusion.

But Lu Wen has been cleaning for more than an hour, and he has never seen the second person.

Is Li Yu a schizophrenic?

In this way, I can explain the vegetables that I bought too much, as well as the toiletries for two people.

Just as he was thinking, he glanced at the mirror inadvertently.

"Hi—this man is so handsome!"

Inside the mirror was a handsome boy with short sunny hair, dressed in a white shirt and black trousers. He had a handsome body that 
perfectly complies with the golden ratio.

Except for the bionic electronic bracelet on the left wrist that is used to distinguish the identity, the rest is completely indistinguishable from a teenager about 18 years old.

Lu Wen thought that his previous life was just plain-looking.

As expected, the ancestors did not deceive me.

Rebirth can improve the appearance!

【94% of school-age women think you are handsome】

The original functional chip analyzed from various angles by comparing the massive data in the database, and finally reached this conclusion.

After being shocked by his stunning beauty for a while, Lu Wen began to do business.

He found the mop in the corner of the bathroom.

【Dry mop】

The mop seems to have not been used for a long time.

He carefully mopped the kitchen floor several times, and then put the mop back in place.

After thoroughly dealing with the kitchen, he began to dispose of the garbage in the living room.

The first floor of this small villa has a living room, three toilets, a washroom, a kitchen, and six bedrooms.

After disposing of the garbage in the living room, this villa finally looked like a place where normal people live.

"Lu Wen, make dinner for two." Li Yu was watching TV, her white face full of concentration.

"Ok."

Two copies?

Is she going to have dinner with me?

Lu Wen has the function of eating.

But he does not need to eat, this function is just to help him better integrate into human life.

As a high-end housekeeping bionic person, Lu Wen’s cooking skills are more than a three-star chef.

Of course, the food made by bionic people has been criticized by many food connoisseurs as soulless food.

Soon, two simple dinners are ready.

"Thank you so much!"

Li Yu smiled slightly, revealing two shallow dimples.

It turns out that Lu Wen thought too much.

She took two dinners from Lu Wen and walked towards the third floor.

Sneakers made a dull noise in the stairwell, and this villa was a bit empty.

"If I live in such a big house alone,I will definitely turn on the lights in every room."

Lu Wen felt that the dim space around can easily make people feel depressed.

And most of human fear comes from the unknown.

The depths of the dim space are the best source of fear.

【The employer’s companion may be on the third floor】

The system came to this conclusion.

Lu Wen wanted to know what was on the third floor, but considering Li Yu's order, he could not go to the third floor.

All bionics follow the seven principles of bionics.

These seven principles are born out of the Three Laws of Robotics.

[Second Principle of Bionics: Bionics must obey human orders, unless the order violates higher-order principles]

Once a bionic person violates any principle, it will be judged to have awakened self-awareness.

In order to protect employers, all bionics have circuit breakers in their programs.

When it is detected that the bionic person awakens self-consciousness, the fuse measures will be triggered, and the bionic person will directly crash.

Lu Wen was not in a rush to crash and die again.

"Let's continue cleaning."

Lu Wen began to clean the bedroom.

He pushed open the door of the first bedroom.

The room was very dark, and the heavy curtains blocked the light from the street lights outside. Lu Wen fumbled to turn on the lights.

【Two children's beds】

【12 cartoon posters】

【Six photos】

【Thirteen plush toys】

【……】

Everything in this bedroom was neat and tidy, and there was no rubbish.

But the dust content was very serious, and it looked like it had been unoccupied for a long time.

Lu Wen glanced around for a while and slowly scanned the entire room again and again to verify that he did not miss anything and then 
walked to the table in front of the windowsill and picked up the first photo.
