---
title: "Chapter 2 - Take this Rasengan!"
---

A breath later, Wu Chen disappeared, and in his place appeared a man with a gentle and handsome face, in his early twenties, wearing a white robe, with a triple-pronged kunai!

At the same time, the system panel in his mind also changed.

[Host: Wu Chen]

[Currently playing character: 4th generation Hokage] 

[Current playing progress: 15%]

[Possessing character: Namikaze Minato, Konoha's Yellow Flash]

[Number of times left to play a character: 0]

Wait, what is this 15% of the playing progress?

 Is it because he had something in common with Namikaze Minato? That they are both handsome and willing to help the weak?

Thinking only for a moment, Wu Chen decided to drop it for the time being.

The most important thing at the moment is to save that blonde loli.

Reaching into his back pocket, Wu Chen pulled out his second kunai.

Whoosh!

This triple-prong kunai was projected by him to a safe place far away. The speed was so fast that ordinary people could not see clearly with the naked eye.

This is the trick that only the real Minato possessed.

Then, Wu Chen slightly bowed his body and strongly flung another kunai towards the blonde loli's location.

This time, with full power, the speed was even faster than the one thrown before.

Dong!

The blonde loli, who had been crying, froze all of a sudden. She wiped her tears and reached out to touch the kunai.

In her opinion, the Chinese characters tied to the handle of the kunai looked very much like a tadpole.

The blonde loli liked these kinds of cute and lovable little animals. She seems to have forgotten the current situation.

Behind the lil loli, Abomination raised the vehicle high and was about to smash it on her.

If it fell, the blonde loli would definitely die!
And her death will be extremely miserable!
The child's body had not yet fully developed, so her bones were not hard. It would definitely crush the blonde loli.

If Abomination's moves were faster, the blonde loli might feel less painful.

Looking at the blonde loli's small and lovely body, Abomination's eyes had a bloodthirsty and excited look. His mental state was highly unstable, but he could also sense everything around him.

The pleasure of this destruction made him excited.

Especially at this moment, this loli was about to die by his hands. This feeling made him so high!

In the distance, the helicopter in which General Ross was riding looked at the maniacal Abomination. 

Bruce Banner was also in the helicopter.
Both he and his girlfriend Betty were captured by General Ross.

Because of the injection of inhibitors, Dr. Banner could not turn into the Hulk and was captured.

But at this moment, seeing these humans die, Banner took the initiative to General Ross and said, "Ordinary people have no way to deal with the Abomination. Let me go!"

"No!!!" His girlfriend Betty jumped over and hugged Banner, "You're not Hulk anymore. You can't go over there just to die!"

However, Dr. Banner shook his head. He could feel the inhibitor would only temporarily control the Hulk. If he was in danger, Hulk would reappear.

Meeting Dr. Banner's firm eyes, Betty cried tears of pain but finally nodded.

Kissing Betty for a moment, Dr. Banner jumped straight out of the helicopter under the watchful eye of General Ross.

BOOM!!!

He fell on the ground, a hole forming, but Hulk did not come out immediately.

"Bruce!!!" Betty shouted, but to General Ross suddenly said, "Quick! Fly that way! Look over there! What's with that man!"

At that, Betty looked up and looked over.

"ROAR!!!" Abomination roared and was about to throw the car in his hand when the blonde loli finally noticed the scenario behind her.

She opened her mouth wide in horror, but the next second, the sight in front of her was blocked.

Suddenly, a handsome blonde man appeared beside the blonde loli.

The eyes were set on a handsome face, more handsome than her father.

And he wasn't just handsome. There was warmth emitting from him, just like a little sun.

This man gave her a gentle smile and reached out to hold the kunai that she was holding, "This is a dangerous thing, don't touch it, little one!"

Bang!
Boom!!!

What Abomination hit was air. It made him angry, "Hulk!" 

The loli only saw a blur before her eyes; she was carried by this warm man to a safe location at a distance.

"Big brother, can you fly?"

Wu Chen smiled gently, "This is not flying. This is ninjutsu!"

After uttering these words, he put down the blonde loli and admonished her, "Run far away. The farther, the better."

Then, he turned his head and once again took out several kunai, throwing them towards the position of the others who were too late to escape.

Swish swish swish!!!

Four or five people instantly appeared in front of the blonde loli.

There were blonde women with blue eyes, Asians with black hair and black eyes, and Africans with brown eyes.

After taking away the innocent passersby around Abomination, Wu Chen narrowed his eyes and stared at Abomination. The depressed feeling in his heart transformed into anger.

Bullying, madness, and evilness!

He said in a loud voice, "I don't care what you are doing this for, but you disgust me with such behavior! I will strike you dead!"

After saying that, he shot several kunai at Abomination.

Abomination could not hear Wu Chen's words. It only knew that Wu Chen was provoking him and became even more furious.

However, when faced with the kunais that were shot, it didn't even think of dodging.
Abomination thought It was able to nullify bullets, so how could this kind of weapon hurt it?


Sure enough, the kunai did not pierce the Abomination's skin.


However, when the kunais thrown in the air hit abomination, Wu Chen appeared out of nowhere, with a blue spiral ball of light rotating in his hand. 

"Rasengan!!!"

Boom!

Abomination, an invincible creature in the face of many, was knocked away by a spiral ball of light. Hitting the building at the back, knocking it down.

It must be said that in front of the extreme and absolute power, Abomination was a worm.

"My goodness! This man actually knocked Abomination away!" General Ross exclaimed, and the few people saved by Wu Chen were equally dumbfounded.

"This is a superhero, right?! Everyone don't panic! There's a superhero like Iron Man coming to save us!"

Someone shouted, and more people saw the scene and stopped to watch.

It was normal to say that there were few foreigners.

The collapsed building stirred up the dust, which soon filled the surrounding area, completely covering Abomination's figure.

Wu Chen looked at the crowd of onlookers and ignored them. He did not care about them.

At this moment, he narrowed his eyes, coldly looking in the direction of Abomination.

Others just think the crisis disappeared, but only Wu Chen knew; Abomination is definitely not dead!


