---
title: "Chapter 1: Welcome to this world"
---

"E10-0005438899, welcome to this world."

A mechanical cold voice came from his mind. 

Lu Wen was in a daze for a moment, as if whispers of the past reverberated gently in his ears, and was taken away by the soft wind of nothingness, his vision gradually blurred.

"We decided to name this disease after you."

This is the last sentence Lu Wen heard before he lost consciousness.
In fact, he was quite happy, and he has been able to appear in the textbook.

But isn't he dead?

Why is there consciousness again?

This is hell? 

No, this is not right...

He was born again!

"Miss Li, in addition to a number, every bionic person can also have a name, so that you can communicate in the future."

"Well, let me think about it." A very crisp and sweet voice responded and just by listening to the voice, you can imagine a beautiful and charming girl in your mind.

As he heard the conversation between the two.

Lu Wen thought a little bit about the situation.

Has he taken rebirth into a bionic?

Well, this is fine as well.

Compared to the predecessors who were reborn as slimes, dogs, and maggots, he is already very good!

"I thought about it, I’ll just call you Lu Wen!"

As expected.

As long as it is not rebirth in the West, the person can always get the name of his previous life.

[Name Confirmed: Lu Wen]

A series of data began to appear and was stored in Lu Wen’s memory chip.

There are four chips in his brain.

Original function chip, memory chip, emotion chip, learning chip.

At the moment when the name was confirmed, he felt as if there was some liquid flowing in his body, like blood, passing to the limbs.

"The bracelet is flickering normally and this shows that it  was turned on normally. A large amount of raw data needs to be activated the first time it is turned on, which will take a long time... If anything goes wrong in the future, Miss Li can call the after-sales service.

"Well, it's really troublesome."

"Yes, Bilan always puts customers first." The two chatted for a while.

It didn't take long for the person from Bilan Company to leave.

Lu Wen heard the sound of a car starting, and the sound of the engine became more and more distant.

"Can't you open your eyes?"

The girl's sweet voice was slightly puzzled.

Open your eyes?

How should a bionic person open his eyes?

Lu Wen was thinking about it, and suddenly felt his eyes light up.
As if some program was triggered, he slowly opened his eyes.

【Long Street】

【Villa】

【trash can】

【gray sky】

【……】

This was completely like human vision, without any discomfort.

The sky was a bit low and dim, but the vision was still clear.

A straight and wide road with no end in vision. On both sides of the road were some villas with neatly constructed lawns.

"It seems to be a suburban area of ​​a certain city."

Everything that Lu Wen's gaze saw was accompanied with a comment beside it..

As if he was playing some kind of first-person game.

Lu Wen looked in front of him.

【Employer: Li Yu】

【20-year-old human female】

【Highest Level Order Issuer】

The girl had a round face, slender eyelashes, and a yellowish, slightly curly hair that just hangs down to her shoulders. A few messy bangs were floating around her forehead. She was not tall and looked petite. She was looking up at him with her big eyes open.

She can’t be said to be top-notch beauty, but at a glance it can make people feel good.

"My name is Li Yu."

The girl smiled lightly, the two dimples on her face looked very cute.

"Hello there."

Lu Wen tried his best to imitate the terminator's blunt tone.
Poker face!

He is an emotionless machine!

"This is our home, you will be responsible for the housework in the future."

Bilan Company delivered the goods to the door and sent Lu Wen to Li Yu's door.

Li Yu’s home was a three-story villa.

The appearance of the villa is classical and calm. Some climbers climbed up the side wall to add a touch of greenery.

"It's nice to have money."

Lu Wen thought this and sighed but naturally, he couldn't say this.

"Come in."

Li Yu opened the door, smiling and beckoning to Lu Wen.

"Ok."

Lu Wen nodded and then walked towards the gate.

"I am lucky to get this rebirth."

Lu Wen thought as he walked.

Many guys have taken blood and feud right after they were born again.

And he met this sister when he was born again, and he only needs to do some light work such as cleaning and housework.

"Such a cute girl"

Every thought that came out of Lu Wen's mind was turned into data and recorded on a memory chip.

When he walked to the gate. The scene in front of him directly deleted the last thought.

【twenty-nine cans that are thrown away randomly】

【Six moldy pizzas】

【Thirteen bags of unpacked potato chips】

【Carp dead in the fish tank】

【……】

The living room was very dim, and it looked messy at first glance.

The garbage was thrown everywhere, it is almost impossible to settle down!

The heavy curtains were blocking out all the outside light.

The noisy TV flickered. After closing the door, the TV screen was the only light source in the entire room.

But, Li Yu didn't seem to care.

After kicking open a few cans, she was lying half-lying on the sofa.

"It's a little messy, I'll leave it to you!"

Li Yu smiled and picked up a bag of potato chips, and found that there was not much left, so she began to search for another packet.

"Clean up every room first."

She said while looking for potato chips.

Lu Wen is a customized housekeeping bionic, a very high-end kind.

His price is enough for ordinary people to hire housekeeping staff for a lifetime.

"Ok."

Lu Wen was still expressionless.

"By the way, don't go to the third floor. After cleaning the first and second floors, go to the backyard and dig a hole. Big enough to bury an adult and dig a little deeper."

"Ok."

Lu Wen nodded.

Three instructions appeared in his memory chip.

【Cleaning】

【Dig hole】

【Don't go to the third floor】

Wait…

Backyard?

Hole to bury an adult?

Have to dig deeper?

Lu Wen inexplicably remembered some horror movies he had seen in his previous life.

Why can't you go to the third floor?

"Calm, can't show any abnormalities."

Lu Wen walked to the fish tank.

According to the original functional chip analysis, dead organisms need to be prioritized.

 "I think this fish tank hasn't changed the water in a few lifetimes."

Lu Wen felt that the mud at the bottom of the Yellow River was clearer than the water in this fish tank.

The snow-white, metallic koi was floating in the muddy fish tank, and it seemed that it hadn't been dead for long.

【Platinum Koi】

【Lost life characteristics】

【It will start to emit a strange smell in seven hours】

Lu Wen found a transparent woven bag on the table beside him.

This is a special kind of biological waste. Federal regulations requires this to be tightly wrapped in a transparent woven bag and placed next to the trash can.

After wrapping the koi, Lu Wen opened the door.

He did not walk far and found a trash can on the street.

At this time, an old lady with white hair was walking on the street with a dog.

"Isn't this Xiaoyu's carp? It’s dead? But she likes it very much. Two months ago, it took more than 3,000 to buy it from the Internet."

The old lady lived in another villa not far away.

The old people did not understand how young people can spend thousands to buy a fish.

She saw Li Yu receiving the fish through the express delivery by chance that day, and she was deeply impressed by the fish.

"I don't know."

When facing the elderly, Lu Wen mobilized the smile program in the emotion chip

During the conversation, the old lady loosened the dog leash.

The dog ran around happily, and within a short while he ran to Li Yu's house.

"This is Dollar and he likes to go to Xiaoyu's house to play."

The old lady smiled kindly and explained.

The two of them are close together, and Li Yu also likes pets, so her dogs often visit.

"Dollar? What a good name."

Lu Wen wanted to complain, but he still had to be polite.

She can't tell what I am thinking, right?

[Sure enough, dogs like to jump in a messy environment]

Lu Wen didn't pull the door over before going out.Now the door was open.

However, the dog named ‘Dollar’ stopped abruptly as soon as he ran to the door.

It just stood at the door and screamed two times in a low voice "Woo". The tail that had been hanging was bent a little inward, and the expression on its face changed a little.

【Hesitation】

【Unease】

Lu Wen found that his original functional chip was really powerful, and it can detect the expressions of animals.

This can still be analyzed?

Dollar never went into the house. After hesitating for a while, and looking inside the door for a few moments, he ran to his master obediently, lowered his head, and directly clipped his tail between his legs.