---
title: "Chapter 1"
---

 
"Ugh, it's dazzling ... Hadn't I closed the curtain yesterday?"

I woke up to the bright light of the sun.

I want to deceive the light with a futon and sleep a little longer.

At least, that’s what I had planned to do. But, I couldn't pick up the futon. I had no choice but to wake up and open my eyes to see a world that didn’t exist till yesterday.

"Why is it outside?

To my right was a grassy field, and to my left was a small street, enough for two cars to pass. It wasn’t a modern road like asphalt, but a road made of dry soil.

"It's too real to be a dream…”

“No way, a different world transfer pattern?!!"

My chest was throbbing. Because I was longing for  an Isekai trip (Different World Transfer).

As a fan of fantasy novels, I had been wondering every day before my sleep what would happen if I were to get transferred to another world.

So, I was surprised to find myself in a meadow, and I decided to accept that it was a different world.

I didn’t know If I could do it or not. But I decided to check it out, “Status.”

A transparent window appeared with a boom.

Thank God, it came up correctly.

I was pretty sure that I'm in a different world because of the status window.
-------------------------------------
Name: Tatsuya
Age: 10 years old
Gender: Male
Race：High Elf
Status：Normal
Lv：1 （MAX)
HP：100/100
MP：0/0
Physical Attack Power: 100
Magic Attack Power: 100
Strength: 50
Stamina: 50
Intelligence: 90
Psyche: 320000
Agility: 70
Luck: 100 (MAX)
【Skills】
Item Box, Otherworldly Language
 
【Unique Skills】
Seasoning Creation: Lv.1
(Cooking Seasoning: Lv.1, Sweets Seasoning: Lv.1)
 
【Title】
Wizard of Sorrow
Innocent Heart
----------------------

"Wait! That’s too much information!"

His surname was gone and only his family given first name was there.

He was 32 years old, a day ago. But now he is a 10 years old kid. His race was not human, but a High Elf. He had a strong psyche of 320,000, and his basic stats were amazing

And his luck of 100 was the best finishing touch for his status.

The problem is that his level was 1, and it was already maxed out.

‘Am I the only one who can't get stronger after transferring to another world?’

There is the concept of level, but you can't raise your level if it’s already maxed out.

‘I'm not sure why but for some reason my mind is so calm…’

‘... Oh, I had a psyche of 320000.’

‘First of all, let's calmly check the current situation and the changes in my body because of reincarnation.’

I could see that my arms and legs were smaller and thinner.

The clothes I was wearing had also changed.

I had got the face of a kid and my jaw line had healed. At the age of ten… At that time, I was a fourth grader. A happy go lucky type kid. I guess, I am back to that period of my life again.

One thing that I was confused about was my race. On the status screen it showed my race as a high elf. I used to think they have pointy ears…. But when I touched them they seemed normal and not pointy at all.

I wasn’t sure what to do about this.

Leaving that aside I was curious about my skills. I was wondering what those titles were about.

[Wizard of Sorrow] means that you have a magical talent, but you can't use it with 0 MP?

As I stared at it and thought about those titles, the details appeared at the bottom.
----------------------
◇ Sorrowful Wizard
・ Title given to a person who has no physical relationship with a woman even after the age of 30
Greatly increased psyche value
----------------------

"Broooooooo!"

I had heard that if you remain a virgin after the age of 30, you can become a wizard. And I have been living without one for 32 years now. I haven’t even visited a Love Hotel, till now.

That's what it’s all about. You got the idea right?

I usually try not to let it bother me, but when it's engraved on the title, it hurts.

The psyche of 320,000 is 32 years old x 10,000, isn't it?

I'm happy about that big number. But for some reason I was sweating from my eyes. ----------------------

◇ Innocent Heart
・ Title of a person who cannot control romantic feelings
Luck 100 (MAX) fixed, romance weak constitution +
----------------------

I was glad that my luck was fixed at 100 (max), but I wondered how it would affect my love life. I don't want to get sweaty hands just by holding hands. I've never been on a date, so I can't imagine myself holding hands with a girl.

I was sure this title will change with the way my mind works. I'm 32 years old and longing for a hand-holding date is pretty painful.
Now that I'm ten years younger, I want to get lot of girls and have fun with them. My luck was maxed out at 100, which means my luck in love must be 100 as well.

‘I'm counting on you, okay?’

Next, on the task list was to check my skills.

I was an ordinary businessman, but I loved to eat, so I used to cook and bake. I guess that reflects on my skills.

I've never made any seasonings, though.
----------------------

[Seasoning creation Lv.1]

You can create [cooking seasonings] and [sweets seasonings] as you envision. When you cook with the generated seasoning, you can bring out the taste of the ingredients and obtain all the effects.

[Cooking seasoning Lv.1]
・ Salty sauce
・ Sauce
 
[Sweet seasoning Lv.1]
·Sugar
----------------------

They were pretty good skills.

Seasonings are often valuable in different worlds.

Even so, how far does "as you envision" work?

Let's try pouring out some soy sauce like a waterfall from my hand.

Boom!

"Whoa, stop, stop!"

A lot of soy sauce came out of my hand, just as I imagined.

This time, I imagined the soy sauce coming out in a trickle. A trickle of soy sauce came out.

It's so convenient to be able to control the seasoning just the way you want it.

I don't think there's any situation where it is needed to make soy sauce come out like a waterfall.

I had been in the other world for less than ten minutes and I had already covered the grassland in soy sauce.

‘Let's hope the rain will wash it away,’ until then, I started walking on the road, praying that no one would pass through there.
