---
title: "Ch 5:"
---
The blood stains are really troublesome to deal with.

What was more troublesome was that the entire second bedroom had to be redecorated again.

Lu Wen tore off the blood stained wallpapers and burned them in the fireplace.

Thick billowing smoke rose into the sky on this spring night. Fortunately, there were few people nearby, and fireplaces are common, so it didn't arouse suspicion.

As for the blood stains in other places, it had to be cleaned up slowly.

The next day, the blazing sun rose again.

"Shua"

Lu Wen opened the curtains in the living room a bit, making it less gloomy anyhow.

The technology in this world was so advanced that there was no use of smart homes.

Lu Wen remembered that in his previous life, the whole huse used to be smart. There was no need to do anything, just shout "Ok Google, open the curtains."

And then the curtains would slowly unfold.

He looked at Li Yu, who was slowly coming down from the third floor, and said: "I need payment permissions. The blood on the wall can't be completely removed. I'm going to the city to buy some wallpaper to cover."

"No problem, it's really hard for you!"

Li Yu smiled and took out her mobile phone and tapped a few times casually.

At the same time, a message came from Lu Wen’s original functional chip.

[Payment authority has been opened]

[Account: Employer Li Yu]

[Balance: 4913676]

That's rich!

What business does this girl do?

As a mobile Android machine, Lu Wen felt a heartfelt feeling.

I was a good programmer with no hair in my previous life, but the total amount of money on my body was not enough for a down payment.

After making two simple breakfasts, Lu Wen was about to go out.

"Bring your keys, don't lose them."

Li Yu put a bunch of keys in Lu Wen's hand and said softly.

Just looking at her appearance, this girl is totally cute and gentle.

But Lu Wen was aware of the lyrics:

The most fascinating is the most dangerous! [T/L note: I don't whaere's this lyrics from >.<]

"Do not worry."

Lu Wen smiled and opened the door.

After he walked out of the villa and closed the door, he let out a long sigh of relief.

"If normal people live in such dim and depressed villas, they will be sick after staying for a long time!"

He sighed and then looked around

The sky was a bit gloomy, and the clouds were black, but there was some sunshine anyway.

The morning breeze stroked his hair, and the faint sunlight shone on him.

"Wow!"

The old lady’s dog was planing something on the nearby lawn.

A little further away, the old lady was drying clothes in the yard.

Lu Wen called a taxi, but the car has not arrived yet.

He was curious for a while, walked to the side of dog and took a look.

"Isn't this the carp that I disposed of yesterday?"

Many dogs have the habit of burying food.

Looking like this, this dog was treating this carp as its food, and is about to dig a hole out, bury this carp, and dig it out after a while.

Lu Wen has wrapped the carp tightly, but the dog's nose is so sensitive.

"Didi——"

The sound of a horn came from the street.

Lu Wen turned around, and found that the taxi was here.

The driver was also a bionic person, the E25 labor service public model of Bilan, thousands of E25s all have the same face.

Lu Wen was different.

He is customized and unique!

"Get in the car."

"Ok."

Lu Wen responded with a nod and then sat.

Through the car window, the world began to slowly retreat in his eyes.

The suburbs were plain terrain, endless, surrounded by green lawns, and some ocaaional low hills.

There were villas in twos and threes on both sides of the road.

After about twenty minutes, the taxi came to the edge of the city.

"Mowu City."

Lu Wen glanced at the street signs on the side of the road.

One by one towering chimneys rose from the ground, on the edge of the city, like pillars supporting the sky, enclosing the entire city.

Lu Wen finally understood why the sky in this world is always dark and low.

The taxi drove towards the city center.

There were fewer chimneys.

Gray high-rise buildings stood silently in the foggy sky, like lonely giants.

The huge colorful neonlights  were slightly blurred in the fog.

The dreamlike holographic projection played some kind of advertisement, and the black rigid airship passed through the projection and sailed into the distance.

"Bilan, a new generation of housekeeping bionic E09, can meet most of your daily needs..."

The soft female voice came from a distance.

Eighty years ago, Bilan Company was established.

On the day of its establishment, A01, the first bionic person to pass the Turing test, appeared in front of the world.

Two weeks later, Xinhong was established and launched the first-generation bionics that also passed the Turing test.

The era of red and blue has begun.

Nowadays, bionics have appeared in all walks of life.

The fifth-generation bionics were almost exactly the same as humans in appearance, touch, and daily communication.

If it weren't for the electronic bracelet that marked the identity of the bionic person, they could completely blend into the normal crowd.

"Huh~~"

A few newspapers drifted randomly on the dimly lit street.

People wraped their clothes tightly and started moving in a hurry.

A sloppy tramp picked up the newspapers, covered them on himself, and pressed them tightly with his hands, leaning against the corner of the street.

At a glance, the whole street was filled with people living on the street like this.

On the big screen of the high-rise building on the street, countless news items were broadcast on the air.

"The crematorium employee was pushed into the incinerator by a bionic colleague during a nap..."

"The federal unemployment rate has reached 28%, and countless people live on the streets."

"More than 100,000 people demonstrated in front of the parliament.They requested that bionics should be prohibited from engaging in construction and financial industries..."

"The fifth-generation bionic E24-0007474741 of Bilan Company awakened self-awareness, the circuit breaker failed, violated the first principle of bionics, and fled after wounding his employer. At present, the council has dispatched an executive officer to track down his whereabouts.

"……"

"Bilan and Xinhong's defective product rate is controlled between 0.05% and 0.07% all year round."

"Circuit Breakers have the defective rate of less than 0.1%, causing countless awakening incidents of bionics every year."

"Many people are confused about whether the awakened bionic person is AI with the wrong coding, or is it a living body that can think independently?"

"The bionic has taken my job away. I am now penniless and homeless."

"I need 5 dollars to buy a bottle of beer."

"……"

He shifted his gaze from news board and looked towards the wanderers in front, with the twisted text on the cardboard.

Many years ago, it was not necessarily your peers who beat you.

Now, it is not necessarily the same kind who beat you.

"Boom--!"

As he was looking around, a body fell from the sky and hit the dark street.

The blood flowed slowly along the cracks in the floor tiles.

The people coming and going just paused, and few of them even glanced there, and then hurriedly left.

Suicide is nothing new.

Lu Wen was sitting in the taxi, and the sensor in the part of his eyes caught the scene.

That was a man in a suit and leather shoes.

That wass a liberated soul.

"When I was young, I could get happiness by jumping off three steps."

"When I grow up, I have to go from thirty floors..."