---
title: "Chapter3: Dark Red"
---
【A family of four, parents, a pair of three or four-year-old twins】

The twins look almost exactly the same.

The human eye certainly cannot tell.

Even Lu Wen’s analysis system cannot recognize the difference between the two little girls only from the two-dimensional images.

"This is Li Yu's family, why is she alone now?"

The two little girls have a bit of Li Yu's appearance, and they don't know which one is her.

Lu Wen has seen many twins in his previous life, but it is really rare to see exactly the same appearance.

The next few photos were photos of the same family of four.

It went on untill the fifth photo.

The parents are gone, leaving only two 10-year-old children.

【Judging that the employer’s family has changed】

【Parents passed away】

The analysis system only gave such a conclusion.

The twins were becoming more and more similar, even the hairstyle, hair color, skin color, etc. are exactly the same, and there was no difference.

Lu Wen picked up the last photo.

This photo was only half of the original, the fracture was not neat, it was torn by external force.

In the remaining half of the photo, there was a girl looking like a fourteen-five-year-old girl. The girl's hair was yellowish and slightly curly. She was not tall, and the other half of the photo was missing.

【99% of the chances are the employer when she was a child】

The system quickly came up with the analysis results.

As a housekeeping bionic, many programs in Lu Wen’s original functional chip are designed to analyze the employer’s family situation, personality, etc., so that he can integrate into the family.

【The employer also has a twin sister】

Because I don't know other things, I can't know whether Li Yu is big or small.

Lu Wen put down the photo.

"Think about the good side."

"Maybe this girl’s elder sister or younger sister also has a problem and needs someone to take care of her. She lives on the third floor all year round.

"Well, what a sweet story."

Lu Wen tried to convince himself.

Judging from what has been discovered so far, it can be a family story with warmth and sentimentality.

Why do you have to think in that horrible direction?

"Continue cleaning."

After looking around, Lu Wen calculated the time required to clean the bedroom.

【twenty-nine minutes】

There was just a need of simple dust removal.

Except for this room, the other five bedrooms on the first floor were also very tidy.

The beds, wardrobes, etc. of the five bedrooms were all covered with white cloth and do not need to be cleaned.

From this point of view, his employer Li Yu should live on the second or third floor all year round.

【Successfully completed the first floor cleaning】

Lu Wen looked at the time, it was already half past seven in the evening.

Li Yu has been to the third floor for more than an hour, and has not come down during this period.

If all goes well, he will be able to finish the task that Li Yu explained tonight.

【Clean the second floor next】

【Then go to the backyard to dig an adult-sized hole】

In the memory chip, these two instructions are at the top.

Every time he sees this instruction to dig a pit, Lu Wen always feels a little uncomfortable and flustered inexplicably.

He went up the stairs step by step and came to the second floor.

【Metal guardrail depression】

The metal guardrail at the entrance of the stairs on the second floor seemed to have been hit by something, and it was sunken in.

Lu Wen touched it with his hand and analyzed it for a moment.

"It looks like... it came out with a head bump?"

The finger ran across the small depression, and a cold metallic touch was transferred to his memory chip.

Lu Wen imagined various scenarios, and the original functional chip also began to match in the database.

Finally got a more earnest result.

【Someone fell down】

【Head struck the guardrail】

【3% chance of unconsciousness, 31% chance of minor concussion, 46% chance of nothing, 2% chance...】

"46% okay?"

 Are human heads so hard? Or is the quality of this guardrail poor?

This has been slumped in!

Lu Wen suddenly felt that his original functional chip was a bit unreliable, and he had no common sense as a human being.

This may be the limitation of the bionic, after all, there is no way to think like a normal person.

But who was the one to fall here? And how?

The analysis system did not prompt him that the ground was slippery and that the employer might fall.

"What's on the ground?"

Lu Wen thought and looked down.

The corridors and stairs on the second floor were all wooden floors.

The original color of the floor was dark red, and he just didn’t notice it.

Lu Wen only discovered now that there are some dry dark red stains attached to the floor.

"ketchup?"

"Paint for the walls?"

Lu Wen squatted down.

He has no sense of smell, which made ananlysis very troublesome. The sense of smell is a very important function of human beings.

With loss of the sense of smell, many judgments will become inaccurate.

Lu Wen began to miss the human body. The technology in this world is so advanced, and I don’t know if I can turn a bionic person into a human being.

"Fortunately, there are sensors."

Lu Wen turned on all the sensors in his body.

He then stretched out his hand to cover a small stain.

The analysis system began to analyze the components of these stains based on touch, shape, color, etc.

After a while, the analysis result came out.

【Blood】

Lu Wen was taken aback, though he was expecting this a little.

"Blood?"

 He squatted on the ground, looking forward slightly along the dark red traces.

The blood stains formed a line, as if something with blood was dragged along by someone.

And it formed a long drag mark.

There are only five rooms on the second floor.

"The second room."

The blood stain came out of the second room on the left hand and extended to Lu Wen's body.

Lu Wen stood up, turned around, and found that the blood stains were still spreading, extending to the stairs.

The entire staircase from the second floor to the third floor was full of blood.

The blood has dried up, and the dark red color seems to blend with the wooden floor.

"There is so much blood?"

The light in the stairwell was a bit dim and thus he didn't notice this at first.

Lu Wen stood on the corridor on the second floor, and suddenly felt a bit cold.

He seems to be in some horror movie, and the surrounding darkness seems to be able to swallow him at any time.

【The employer may have had a fight with someone】

【The employer may have been seriously injured】

【The employer may have fought with a certain large animal】

【Employer may be part-time slaughter work】

【……】

More than ten analysis results appeared at once.

The analysis system of the original functional chip seems to be messy, and it was impossible to tell which one is the correct deduction.

Among the housekeeping bionics, Lu Wen is considered the top model, but he is not a scientific bionic after all, and there is not much integrated technology in the body.

I don’t even know whether this is human blood or animal blood.

Lu Wen is a natural optimist. Even when he was dying in his previous life, he was happy to be able to used as teaching materials.

But the current situation really made him unable to be optimistic.

"You can't just sit and wait for death, first go to see that room, and then sum up all the details."

Lu Wen just thought for a moment before he made a decision.

Hesitate and lose! This is truth. So he decided to be decesive and find out truth.

The real bionic person might not think about anything at the moment, and will just start cleaning the room as ordered by the employer.

But he is just a fake bionic!

How can he remain calm looking at so much blood?

Lu Wen walked step by step to the second bedroom with the door ajar and pushed open the door.