---
title: "Ch 6: Fuse"
---
"Arrived."

The taxi stopped at a big Plaza in the city center.

The sky was still gray.

Lu Wen don't know if it was fog or haze covering the whole city, but the weather was always gloomy.

The dazzling neon light strips were flickering in the dim steel building. Most people and bionics don't have much expressions. They look like busy ants in the bustling city, with only the sound of cars passing by.

"Go buy wallpapers first, then look around for more information."

This is a rare opportunity.

Lu Wen must make good use of it.

Now he must understand the fuse mechanism as soon as possible and find a way to get it out of him!

【Walk one hundred meters forward】

【Enter the underground mall】

【Turn left two hundred meters】

【Vida Wallpaper Store】

The original functional chip also integrates most of the maps of the world.

Lu Wen also has networking capabilities.

The map can be updated.

But every time he did something connected to the Internet, it would be transmitted to Li Yu's mobile phone. Once there was anything unusual, Li Yu could notify Bilan to take him away and restart it.

"In order to prevent the bionics from awakening, these engineers also take great pain."

He just sat in the taxi and saw the news of the awakening of the bionic.

Lu Wen just knew.

As long as he is connected to the Internet, the employer can directly restart him with one click through his/her mobile phone. There is no need for the bionic person to violate the Seven Laws. As long as the employer is in a bad mood, he can use the bionic person to vent his anger, and then restart, as if nothing happened. .

"The living environment for bionics is terrible!"

Lu Wen feelt that these bionics were not as good as the squeezed slaves of the old age.

This kind of life being pinched in the hands of others was really uncomfortable.

Of course, besides him, it was still a question whether other bionics are considered to be life forms.

"Tick..."

It started raining soon.

The fine raindrops fell from the sky, hitting the skin of Lu Wen's biological material, and the sound was like some kind of uncoordinated sonata.

The world became more blurred.

Like the abstract oil paintings in the hands of the artists of the old age, the whole world looked a kind of abnormal beauty.

"Go away, you plastics!"

"Broken copper and broken iron!"

There were people standing at various street corners and intersections holding up signs.

Whenever a bionic person walks by, they will come forward to verbally insult, or directly act.

They are trying to make these bionics fight back.

Once they fight back, the bionics will directly crash if they violate the first law of not harming humans.

At this time, people onlookers will laugh with satisfaction.

"These people are really free."

Lu wen thought when his sensors captured a scene.

A heart-red bionic was kicked on his lower abdomen. He clutched his stomach and backed for a few steps. With anger on his face, he rushed up, raised his fist, and fell straight before he waved it.

He crashed.

There was a burst of laughter.

On the other side.

A blue bionic fell to the ground and was kicked and beaten by a group of people.

It may be programmed, but he didn't fight back.

But Lu Wen saw it clearly, and there was an expression of pain on his face.

It's not that I can't fight back, but I dare not!

Lu Wen wandted to help the bionic but he didn't dare to go directly towards the crowd. In doing so, he could easily be regarded as an awakened bionic.

He was reborn in a body full of fetters!

"The entrance to the underground mall has two guys holding signs."

Lu Wen thought for a while and decided to use another entrance.

This was not him being coward, but right now he doesn't want to get in trouble.

Many of these guys are people whose jobs have been taken away by bionics. They have grievances in their hearts, and beating bionics is a normal behavior of citizens in the laws of this world!

"Need a detour."

Lu Wen turned and walked to the other side.

On the street, the ratio of humans to bionics was roughly the same.

There are almost all blue and red bionics.

Except for these two companies, in the past eighty years, no other company has developed a bionic person that has passed the Turing test.

However, Bilan has always claimed that Xinhong stole their prototype A00, and only then developed its own bionic.

Many people are convinced, after all, Bilan was established two weeks earlier than Xinhong.

"My information shows that Bilan and Xinhong have fought hundreds of lawsuits in the past 80 years, and the legal department of these two companies must be crazy."

He was busy doing housework before. But now he was little free and thus Lu Wen decided to check the data in his original function chip bit by bit.

It is worth mentioning that although it is two weeks late, Xinhong's current development is obviously better than that of Bilan. The company's overall valuation is 1.3 times that of Bilan.

"Boom"

A thunder struck across the low-pressure sky.

It illuminated the gloomy world for an instant.

The rain changed suddenly, from light drizzle it transformed into raging waterfall, and the black umbrella looked like a black lotus in full bloom on the square.

Along with the thunder and lightning, there was another voice.

It was the sound of bullets flying out of the barrel, and glass shattering, but it was suppressed by thunder, and no human noticed.

Some bionics raised their heads. The sensors in the bionic ears are more sensitive than humans.

Lu Wen also noticed.

He looked up.

"Boom--!"

There was another shot.

Lu Wen followed the voice and looked over.

That was a tall office building on the left side of the square.

Fifth floor!

"Boom!"

On the fifth floor of the office building, on the side facing the square, a piece of glass shattered suddenly.

Scattered glass fell from the sky, like broken crystals, mixed in the rain.

Fortunately, humans and most bionics are now holding umbrellas.

Humans use umbrellas because they are afraid of rain. Bionic people use umbrellas because they are programmed to behave closer to humans. Lu Wen did not use umbrellas. He did not bring umbrellas.

But the place where the glass shattered was far away from him, half a square across.

"Bang——Bang——"

Two more gunshots.

At this moment, many people have also discovered the situation there.

Some people walked away, and some wanted to watch the excitement, so they told their bionics to stand in front of them, while they looked up and waited.

"E24-0007474741, you have nowhere to escape, put down your weapons!"

A cold voice came from the fifth floor.

The drifting rain hit the ground, covering up the sound.

But Lu Wen still heard it.

His heart moved.

"E24-0007474741? Isn't this the bionic person whose circuit breaker failed in the news just now and violated the bionic principle but did not crash?"

Awakening?!

Does this kind of bionic person called awakening really have self-awareness?

While he was thinking, there was another thunderstrike, like a big halberd tearing the sky, projecting onto the ground.

In the flash of thunder, a burly figure jumped down from the fifth floor of the office building, like an eagle flying freely.

Boom~~!